>> A Tic-Tac shaped UFO spotted
hovering above US Space Force
Base in Colorado.
UFOs have allegedly interfered
with nuclear weapons sites
before.
But what is their
interest in Space Force?
This is Gaia News.
[THEME MUSIC]
An alleged UFO caught on camera
by local UFO spotter Jason
Suraci and posted
on social media
appears similar to the Navy's
Tic-Tac video from 2004.
And according to
Suraci, the UFO also
shape-shifted into another
figure all together.
All of this is happening in
the highly populated area
of Aurora, Colorado,
just east of Denver
around Buckley Space Force Base.
UFO activity around government
facilities is nothing new.
They have shown an
interest in or concerned
with nuclear weapons
and testing grounds.
In 1967, Bob Salas, then
a US Air Force weapons
launch officer at Malmstrom
Air Force base in Montana
says UFOs were spotted in the
area followed by something
alarming.
>> I was on alert duty at
the time, March 24, 1967.
There were two of
us in the capsule
and I got one call first
that they were seeing
strange lights in
the sky, and they
weren't behaving like aircraft.
I kind of dismissed that,
didn't take it too seriously.
But the second call
was very serious
because the main security
guard upstairs was then
screaming into the phone and he
was very frightened, obviously.
He was looking at a glowing
red orange object hovering
above the front gate.
And right after that call, all
kind of our missiles shut down.
So the object was above
us when that happened.
This was not supposed to happen.
Our systems are very reliable.
They are not interconnected in
a way where if one missile goes
down, they would all go down.
They're independent and they all
went down for the same reason.
That was guidance and
control system failure.
>> It wasn't until 1996 when
Salas started speaking publicly
about what happened.
And learned there
were more people who
had the same experience
internationally.
>> As a result of
my coming forward,
I can say that other people
have also come forward and come
to me with their stories.
And I was able to
validate some, others not.
Those that I was
able to validate
are in my latest book,
Unidentified UFO Phenomenon,
including incidents at
NATO bases overseas.
>> Turning back to the recent
sightings around the Space
Force Base in Colorado,
what can we make of this?
>> From what I saw real
quick, it looks authentic.
As far as the
shape-shifting goes,
yeah, I've seen that
many times in UFO videos
where the object
seems to change shape.
So obviously, Space Force
would be tasked to--
if they believe that these
things are a potential threat
to our military systems
or defense systems,
they're going to try to
protect against that threat.
It's kind of amusing to me
that a UFO would hover over
their facility and say,
well, we're listening to you.
We're here.
>> Today, October 19, 2021
at the National Press Club
in Washington DC, Bob Salas and
a panel of former US Air Force
officers are holding a
news conference to discuss
their experiences with
UFOs and nuclear sites.
What do you hope to gain?
>> What I look forward to
is public demands for open
hearings.
It's going to take
a lot of pressure,
I think, from the public to get
Congress to have open hearings.
By that, I mean, bring in other
witnesses, other documents
from open sources,
public sources.
And also bring in witnesses from
various agencies, intelligence
agencies, military agencies
who have monitored and tracked
this subject for decades.
We can't just have a secret
group within government
deciding what to do about
this very profound reality
that indeed we are being
visited by extraterrestrial
civilizations.
>> As someone who has studied
the UFO and extraterrestrial
phenomenon for
more than 50 years,
what can we make of this?
>> I think we're in a new
era now with respect to UFOs.
I don't think there's
any going back now
on just ignoring the UFO issue.
But I see a bright future
in moving closer and closer
towards disclosure, government
disclosure of what they know.
Our UFO community, let's
say, has to keep at it
and keep pressing our
government, like I say,
for open hearings.
And that will open things up.
>> For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]